well howdy there internet people is Bo
again so I got a few questions from
young men about masculinity and really
the question when you get down to the
root of it its what is it because we
don't know anymore and it's funny
because there is no checklist it's not a
skill set you know running a chainsaw
being able to change or change your own
oil and shooting a gun doesn't make you
masculine it's not what it is you know
these questions were prompted by the
videos that came out around the time and
that Gillette ad and Ron that same time
there was a mean floating around on
Facebook that had my picture next to Ben
Shapiro's because he was whining about
how poorly men are treated
I had a quote from each of us and the
caption said you know who would you
trust to explain masculinity to you
something to that effect the best
response I saw was a guy who said if
either one of these guys gets to
determine your masculinity you're not
like that like that masculinity is not a
team sport it's very individualized I
know that does something answer the
question so I'm gonna tell you the three
masculine role models that I have the
first we started his career off as a
police chief and he used to go
undercover
dressed like a poor citizen and try to
catch his cops doing something wrong
being corrupt taking a bribe taking
advantage of people whatever and if he
did well he'd beat him up and fire him
one legend says he beat the guy up
prescriptive naked threw him in a
dumpster and then fired him later on he
was working in the Secretary of the
Navy's office and he kind of started a
war but rather than sitting in the
comfort and safety of that office he
wouldn't fought on the frontlines got
the Medal of Honor for it later he was
going to give a speech would-be assassin
rocked up shot him in the chest he gave
the speech bullet in his chest he was a
huge conservationist and Explorer he was
a feminist when he was president he had
a boxing ring installed at the White
House was almost blinded in a fight he
was the first president to invite a
black man to come have dinner at the
White House won the Nobel Peace Prize
back when it actually mattered that was
Teddy Roosevelt definitely the pinnacle
of American masculinity when it comes to
the individualism and the desire to
uplift those who are downtrodden and the
willingness to put his own rear on the
line when it mattered another guy looked
up to a little bit different he was a
sergeant near World War two in France
and Africa after the war he came back to
his little small town his wife died he
became sheriff spent most of his time
looking after his boy and he was unique
because well Hollywood was gonna make a
movie about it they're gonna call the
movie the sheriff without a gun or
something along those lines because he
didn't carry one I mean he had one in
his car but he didn't walk around the
war
he was very active in his community and
he tried to solve problems by humanizing
the two opposing parties in each other's
eyes he's some very unique conflict
resolution
I was sheriff Andy Taylor from The Andy
Griffith Show now what you would think
of as a tough guy but definitely a
masculine figure that wholesome
masculine now on the other end of things
John F Kennedy always looked up to him
same principle so he did put his rear on
the line but at the same time he was
trying to uplift now as president he was
trying to free the oppressed took a lot
of vision for some of the things that he
proposed some of the things he was
actually able to accomplish he had to be
honest I always kind of had a crush on
Jackie and Maryland so I mean he had
that going for him too three very very
different people all very masculine it's
not a checklist there is no guidebook
for it it's you the constants or that
you're not trying to use your natural
aggressiveness to subjugate others
trying to lift them up you know today a
lot of those who
talk about masculinity they want to keep
others down what masculinity doesn't
care because real masculinity likes a
challenge you know if you help them get
up and they're better than you well that
just means you have to get better and
that's what it's about it's not about
subjugating other people it's about
improving yourself masculinity isn't a
trade it's a journey and then that's not
really an answer to the questions but
there may not be one masculinity is
something you're gonna define for
yourself what matters to you that's
what's gonna matter anybody else's
opinion of it is irrelevant anyway it's
just a fault
I'll have a good night